Hopefully you are a CS major and can get a well-paying co-op. Otherwise, I would recommend that you still submit a financial aid appeal. I submitted two of them in my 2nd semester during my freshman year, and got a few thousand dollars of aid (they may have been more lenient during covid). Just reiterate your situation in the appeal.
chin up! i was too, was the best time of my life. just cause you got in through NUin doesn’t mean you’re one of the under-qualified ones i’m talking about.
During my freshman year, I was put in a standard double by myself so I basically got a single. This was fall 2020 semester where pandemic restrictions were at its peak. Not many others got this so I guess I was just lucky.
people are so wrong in saying nuin is full of stupid rich kids lol. i’ll be honest and say yes - it’s mostly rich kids cuz you have to pay full tuition, but majority are not stupid or underachieving by ANY means. especially now with northeastern getting more and more competitive i can imagine there’s probably barley a difference in qualification for any of the admission decisions nuin was the single best experience of my life so far so don’t be sad you got it as a decision. it’s such a unique and fulfilling opportunity
This sub often has a lot of silly, amusing responses to Northeastern's ridiculousness but a lot of the comments here are disappointing. Commenters here know how Twitter works, and it's clear in the first screenshot that this is a response to a different tweet. Not including that information misrepresents what is being presented as problematic. Choosing to present this very specific tweet is curious, especially considering the time of year/ semester and person targeted. If commenters know enough to understand that emails are not public record, they should also know that a professor would understand the policy at their institution. Profs must adhere to regulations, and dishonest representation, which has been implied here, could negatively affect their employment. It's ridiculous that Professor Clark is the focus of frustration instead of the assumed policy. There are layers to why this kind of behavior is problematic, but on a basic level things don't get resolved without understanding and addressing the root of an issue. Responding to disagreements with personal attacks is a poor characteristic to develop. It is also the reason people organize against discrimination and problematic behavior, including in the workplace. I know this is Reddit and you have relative anonymity, but do better. Don't perpetuate discrimination and racism. Prove the capability to learn and display more than what you pick up in a classroom.
I’m also terribleee at math. The farthest I got in high school was algebra 2. I took calculus this semester and I was in the same situation where I didn’t understand a thing and was failing. I highly highly highly suggest going to peer tutoring as well as office hours weekly. I literally had my tutor and teacher break down the problems into tiny steps for me and did lotssss of practice on my own. Took so much of my time but I ended up with an A in the course after going into this class with no background on calc at all.
no, i literally had the most insane depressive episode second half of senior year and got two D+’s my offer wasnt rescinded. and if it makes u feel any better, after that i was still able to get all A’s and A-‘s this first term of university. u got this i believe in u !!!
I lived in the 153 Hemenway quad last year. It was pretty much two bunk beds one on the wall and one essentially in the middle of the room. I was unlucky and got the top bunk of the beds in the middle of the room. I would get my hair caught on the sprinklers very often. But there are two closets and they are not the same size, unfortunately. There were desks and drawers for each person. It was not the most spacious but you could fit a decent amount of people in there. There is no AC and no elevator, which was a pain when doing laundry since it's in the basement and I lived on the 3rd floor. There were not many mice incidents but we did have a problem with the bathrooms not flushing properly and essentially overflowing. Depending on which quad you get the RA will be in the room right next to you or across the hall.
I’m a CS grad student. Email me at . I’ll happily meet with you to discuss your interests and then introduce you to an appropriate professor. Edit: Here is my longer answer. I am a 4th year CS PhD student. My undergrad was in pure mathematics. As an undergrad, I wanted to do research in theoretical CS and cybersecurity, which is what I study now, but I had trouble finding anyone who would work with me. Instead, I co-authored two papers in unrelated subjects - bioinformatics, and geoscience. The bioinformatics paper was a huge project where I was one of ~45 authors and now has >8K citations, which is crazy. The geoscience project was part of a NASA internship, and has something like 15 citations, which is more normal. I was 1st author on the geoscience project. Both were phenomenal learning experiences and when I entered grad school I felt that I had a huge advantage because I kind of already knew how to do research and write an academic paper, even though my experience was in unrelated fields. So, I would advise you to take any research opportunity, not just those in the field you are the most interested in. Talk to professors in classes you did well in. "Hey, I got an A in your class, can I do research with you" is a pretty good pitch. Attend research seminars to meet professors and graduate students. EG, the seminar I run (https://bstn.cc), the PL seminar, the MIT Category Theory seminar, the MIT neural symbolic synthesis seminar, etc etc. Apply for research internships and REUs. These can be a good way to work on a pre-packaged research problem. As I said, email me and I'll happily meet w/ you and then put you in touch with specific profs :).
Please reach out to them and explain your situation. I had a situation where something got in the way of my classes and they were pretty understanding. Just be upfront with them and you should be good.
i recommend emailing the professor and CCing the TA in the email. just first ask why you got that grade. they aren’t really under any obligation to accept late work if you didn’t communicate it to them so you may need to retake. just try to explain your situation if you have a good reason and hopefully they’ll be willing to work with you and do a grade change
Man just got into Northeastern and already wants to get out. Most NU undergraduates don't go to graduate school, except maybe for a PlusOne at NU (counts courses from undergrad for course-based masters). I suspect that's why the 35.8% is so high in the link below (also shows top 20 attended schools). Not everyone is getting into MIT and Berkeley lol. https://careeroutcomes.northeastern.edu/graduate-school
printer in Marino did not work any time I went to it this semester, I submitted a service request 2 months ago, got a notification that it was fixed like last week. I didn't check, lmk if anyone knows if it works yet. that's the closest color printer to me, but since it didn't work last time I needed to print something in color, I went to Snell -- color printer on first floor didn't work (it rarely does), BOTH color printers on the second floor didn't work, so I went to Shillman and got it done there. so aggravating. this is where you report an issue with a printer: service.northeastern.edu/tech --> Explore Services --> Computing & Software --> Printing --> (on the right side of the page) Report a problem with a printer
I really don’t understand her first point. To me this seems easily proven false. Where are atleast 2 academic sources to back up this claim? Scenario: Student interpreted the assignment as A so student did X and asking for more points as they feel they met all requirements accordingly. Professor says they meant B in the instructions and thought student would do Y and would report the person for academic fraud. Now, if I was the student I would save the emails as public records for others including other universities to find how ridiculous the claims are. Unfortunately I have been in a scenario similar to this where we had to have 2 directors, the professor, and myself as the student. The directors got the final say and sided with me thankfully. Just because I was also petty I released all the info publicly and directly sent it to the directors and professor, and a manager of a company I knew the professor was trying to get a job at.
Hey, I was only wondering. I don't know anything about the whole process (I've got nobody, alive, on either side of my family who's gone to college). I know that graduate school is a thing, and I was only wondering if I should advance myself in that direction. I'd like to plan ahead so that I know what to do for the next four years.
You know a quick Google search will tell you that you can only do one co-op https://coe.northeastern.edu/academics-experiential-learning/co-op-experiential-learning/co-op/graduate-co-op/masters-co-op/. Also why are you coming to Reddit to ask this when you should be going to your co-op advisor
So as someone coming from a very low income family myself I couldn't afford to pay for the deposit either. I emailed my advisor (once you get in they assign you one at your student portal) and told him my situation. They were willing to cover the full cost as long I was committed to the school. I can send you the email format if you need it. But heads up they do require you to be committed so if you are not sure if you want to attend or not I recommend you to think it through. Also don't feel embarrassed either, the uni got a shit ton of money and you will be surprised by how many people ask for coverage.
my brother in christ you better start praying to god or turn them grades around. I got 2 Bs my senior year and they threatened to remove my acceptance. Joseph Aoun doesn't fuck around man
Oh also - move off campus as soon as you’re allowed. People lie — you do not save money living on campus (unless your scholarship gives you something for housing, of course). My first private bedroom 3 years ago was literally 690/month in Mission Hill. Second one was 1000 but it was right in Fenway - still very overpriced tbh I only did it for my roommates. My current place in Jamaica plain is 900, although I’m not a student anymore. All of them are easily commutable. So if you’re not trying to live 3 minutes away from classes, and are able to walk 10-20 daily and have reasonable standards, give yourself time to search and it’s really easy to find somewhere affordable. Then you can get a lot of financial assistance in mass - highly recommend looking into food stamps. If you have workstudy, you automatically qualify. I got maximum amount every month which was like $350 for just my groceries, and I never even used that much so I always had 500 in my account. A HUGE load off my mind to not worry about food.
Shi I submitted a 1450 and got in if that helps. Unlike other places, we don't really admit by major so dw abt that specific part too much.
northeastern doesn’t admit by major, so your stats don’t need to be higher or lower for a particular program. remember that if the average is 1465 (or 1510), then there were applicants that got in with less than that number. i would consider whether other areas of your application are strong and take a look at your overall app and how the score complements it
I agree with the previous response! I am currently in my second year and did not work at all my first year. It has been really easy to adjust to a part-time because I already got to make friends and have certain experiences in my first year! First-year also gave me a better idea of the workload I would have so managing that with a job has been fairly easy as well. I would say it depends on your major - as a combined health science and psych major, the classes I am currently taking aren't terrible in terms of a heavy workload but I'm sure it may be different for others! Working on campus makes it easier to still feel like you are getting the most from your college experience because you typically do not have a crazy amount of hours.
Best you’d get is EV (if you’re in honors) or IV. Following them would be Stetson east/west and then everything else is kinda shit but different tiers of shit. I lived in Melvin hall my first year and it’s arguably the worst building, but I got used to it fairly quickly. Also to my knowledge only EV and IV have ac, but east/west might too (can’t remember).
Don’t know for sure because I just got accepted and am in the same boat, but people on here have been saying as long as you keep a C or above you have nothing to worry about. If you do get a D, and they have a problem with it, they’ll email you and ask for an explanation. There are some anecdotes of people getting several C’s and a D or two and NEU didn’t care, but I guess it’s case by case.
Hi! As a current NUin Bay Area student I might be able to give a little bit of insight. One of my friends already posted about how things have been over here, but I might as well give my two cents. Hope it‘s helpful! Campus (pro): Beautiful campus. I haven’t had a great experience in the Bay, but this was the one major upside for me. It’s very different from the Boston campus-more secluded and feels like a nice escape in Oakland. Lots of trees and greenery. Just going on a walk and enjoying the view puts me in a better mood. Location (con): Okay…so here was (at least for the majority of people on campus) the biggest kicker this semester. I know a lot of people, myself included, felt that Northeastern falsely advertised Mills as “Bay Area”; it is indeed in the Bay, but not tech-hub-heart-of-San-Francisco as we had assumed. It may not seem that far distance-wise, but it takes on average 1-3 hours to get to San Francisco depending on traffic and whether you’re using public transport. Using the NL bus line to Salesforce tower and then Ubering from there is your best bet. Ubering straight to/from San Francisco typically costs $60-$160 each way (not within my weekly budget lol). Obviously if you can afford to pay then this will not be an issue. But the BART is not worth it-the T in Boston is much, MUCH safer. All in all-Getting off campus is difficult and expensive. Location can’t compare to Boston’s walkability by a long shot. Housing (pro): This year Warren Olney and Orchard Meadows (Bound) had residential style housing, while Reinhardt, White Hall, and Ege (wooooo go eggies!! yes it is pronounced like an egg haha) (NUin) were suite-style housing. I lucked out with a single bedroom in Ege. Walking up and down the hill sucked, but only sharing a bathroom with three only girls was pretty damn nice. However, I would not count on this because they were talking about not housing students in Reinhardt/White/Ege as of next semester. Also, it’s important to note that microwaves/mini fridges were not permitted. There is also no air conditioning whatsoever in residence halls, academic buildings, or even the gym. The first week it hit 109 degrees and we didn’t have any water…plus a massive ant problem (I couldn’t see my floor and got bites all over my body. It was hell tbh but at least my suite mates and I trauma bonded???). Food (massive con): We received 15 meals/week. 3 of which could be used at the Tea Shop, the rest at Founder’s. These are the only two places to get food on campus (don’t let them kid you-Suzie’s is more of an overpriced convenience store). Eventually they introduced staples like half-cooked pasta and honestly pretty decent waffles, but Founder’s is unpredictable and sub-par. Admittedly I am a picky eater (very plain, not a big fan of fancy sauces or heavy fare) but everyone seemed to struggle to find something to eat. I know I went to bed hungry on more than one occasion. Not a single person I know gained weight while attending Mills this semester, which is shocking given the infamous freshman 15. The Tea Shop isn’t half bad but it is expensive once you use up all of your meal exchanges per week and dining dollars ($250 this semester didn’t go far given that Founder’s is not very appetizing). Common foods served were tofu, asparagus, and lentil cakes but breakfast was solid. Feel free to check dineoncampus online for the menu to see for yourself though.
I got multiple Cs and Ds in my senior year of HS and they didnt care
Everyone says it’s a big school, but once you’re here it doesn’t feel like it. I feel like everyone knows everyone, there amount of people i know who i’ve found out have mutuals is nearly everyone. Since it’s so largely preprofessional, it’s got tons of opportunities to build your network and resume, but that can mean that it is a little difficult to befriend project outside of your building and your major. But as long as you follow up with people you meet at first it’s not too hard to make a lot of friends and have a great time! I would suggest join a few clubs you’re genuinely interested in (it can be a bit much first time around fall fest), and take advantage of all the professional/career resources there are. I think i have like 5 different types of advisors, some ppl might disagree, but i love the advising resources at northeastern!
guys, I’m stressing and I rly would love some closure. I got into Oakland. Not NUbound or global scholar… literally just Oakland. Can I transfer to Boston if not immediately let’s say after eg 1 year? Or am I stuck in Oakland?
this persons got a really good thread on it: https://www.reddit.com/r/NEU/comments/zeh6db/nuinnubound_bay_areaoakland/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf im not on the oakland campus but tbh as a bay area transplant i would not like to spend 4 years of my life in oakland lol
I got in it!!! My major is undecided. The campus is located in Boston main site
Dude when I opened it up my brain literally did not register the "you got in" I LITERALLY LAGGED OUT, congrats!!!!!
2010-2015 - one of the best decisions I ever made. Made some of the best friends I have ever had and prepared me for life after school. Couldn’t recommend it more.
It just became clear that no matter what I did I wasn’t a good fit for the school. There was always some kind of drama that had no place on a university campus I was dragged kicking and screaming into and the people I met had a sense of entitlement. For example the people I lived next to made it very clear they were only interested in us if they needed something. Such as the time they left their trash outside my door for days causing the utilities people to wake us up at 7:30am until I told them who’s trash it was and then they were forced to remove it. I also surrounded myself with people I shouldn’t of. It was clear my feelings didn’t matter and my roommate/best friend said as much when pressuring me into driving a girl I didn’t hook up with to an STD clinic because she didn’t want to pay the Uber cost. Not that she couldn’t, she easily could, she just didn’t want to. This same girl slapped me twice full force while I was taking care of her after she drank too much, which she always did, because she thought it’d be funny. I’d also usually be forced to take care of her as my roommate/best friend would consistently get too stoned to. My roommate/best friend kept making excuses for her behavior. And these were my two best friends on campus. I also tried joining one of the martial arts clubs which didn’t go well either. I practiced a different style of the same martial art and honestly with my need for PT I shouldn’t of joined anyway but it was clear from the start that I was never really welcome. The guy I still talk to from the club called me recently so I could give him pointers on his fighting and he brought up without my probing “yeah you weren’t very popular among the group they said you translated to this style poorly”. And beyond my questioning of why I’m being told that, it’s telling that I haven’t been involved with that club for over a year yet I’m still the topic of negative conversation. Ultimately I failed to make positives relationships. There were two people I could talk to when I transferred who I still talk too today. I wasn’t comfortable with being in my own apartment. One of my roommates made it clear he hated that I had money to spend. He told me I lived a ridiculous lifestyle because I saw two movies in one weekend and I should spend more frugally like him. He didn’t like when I brought up that I worked two jobs for 4 years to have money to spend. He still believed after that conversation I got all my money from my parents saying “fuck you your family has a boat”. He later admitted he was jealous but would still constantly critique my money. I wasn’t flaunting it either. I’d come up the stairs with door dash and he’d make a comment about it. The other roommate/best friend was the one who constantly made excuses for the girl I talked about earlier, told me my feelings didn’t matter, and consistently took my booze without asking. Both of them refused to take the trash out or do most general maintenance with one claiming he “didn’t know how to clean” leaving me to maintain the apartment myself. I came to the decision to transfer after I was dreading going back at the end of a long weekend home. I realized that if I was that miserable it just wasn’t gonna work. Part of this is on me. If I had been more active, even through Covid, I would’ve met more people and had more chances for positive relationships. And I did meet good people at Northeastern. And to circle back to OP’s question, everyone’s experience is different. Because mine was negative does not mean anyone else’s will be. Everyone meets different people and has different opportunities. Everyone also handles situations differently. No one knows if they’ll be happy until they go and see for themselves. If you go to NEU and you’re happy, I’m happy for you. If you go and you’re not happy, you can always transfer.
Yes. I was also accepted ED and don’t regret my decision, mainly based on the co-op program and the way I will be basically immediately set up for a career by graduation. In terms of community it really helps to find a club and meet people there in a smaller setting. I also have made friends in all of my classes through group projects, and met people around my building that I still talk to from welcome week events.
I would be happier if I was not at NEU I think. So far many professors in CS AI and Algo on Boston campus have been quite simply portrayed as a let down. I was expecting a higher caliber of quality. The other professors have been good, but I originally came for AI and so far the material had been a copy and paste of UC Berkeley of lower quality with a higher price. On top of that the program really doesn’t consider people working while doing masters much at all. The students have been great, made many friends who feel the same in my program. The non-AI professors have been good. The campus is nice and I do feel welcomed. The cost is being covered by my employer with a little out-of-pocket from myself. Unfortunately though, other professors have also agreed with AI which didn’t inspire any encouragement. If I go to a restraunt making claims and the claims don’t live up the hype, and if that was your reason for going you then just feel let down.
i am happy here! i think it's a really cool school. my biggest advice if you're worried about the size is to find a club that interests you and really throw yourself into the community there. i've definitely had trouble making friends in classes, not just because of the size of the campus. i think that pretty much no matter what school you go to, people just don't really like talking to strangers in class. i joined the figure skating club here, and made friends with the people in my dorm, and those people have really been my community here. that's honestly made the biggest difference.
5th year here, I can say that my experience, even with Covid, has been incredibly positive. Just join a club/clubs to give yourself a dedicated social space away from class and you’ll be fine. Although the student population is somewhat large, since the campus is relatively compact (not too small though don’t worry) I’m always running into friends in campus, it really doesn’t feel that huge. Get involved with things you enjoy, study something you find interesting, and live it up while you’re on co-op making money - you’ll have a great time. Also the location of the school is crazy good, take advantage of having Boston (and the whole northeast) at your fingertips through public transportation.
I've had a great time. It's a large campus, but that means there's lots to do and more opportunities. You'll be in one of the best places in the US to be, and there are smaller classes that will give you some of that professor connection and discussion you'd get at smaller schools. I've loved basically all of my professors and always felt like they were there for me if I needed them. Come into the school with the goal of making the most of it, and there are precious few places you can have a better time.
Tbh it’s a really good school if you’re indecisive about your future. It’s not difficult to change majors and you get the opportunity to see what your career would be like. Even if you do decide you’d rather be at a smaller liberal arts school, or something totally different, it’s much easier to go from NEU to there, than to get accepted back into NEU should you decline.
first year here- I felt the same way when I committed. I think it’s really typical for your brain to freak out when you achieve such big and permanent milestones, but don’t let that trick you into believing you made the wrong decision. The certainly school has its problems, but every school does (the grass is always greener as they say). After this semester, I can confidently say that this school was right for me, and I couldn’t see myself being any happier anywhere else, so don’t freak out! And congrats :)
Honestly I was miserable at Northeastern. But keep in mind I started during the height of Covid in a hotel so I didn’t have the freshman experience you’d have. I also know people who love Northeastern. I regretted my decision to go to NEU. But that doesn’t mean you will. Everyone’s experience is different and unpredictable. You’ll have a unique set of circumstances of which you’ll make the best of. You’ll have different professors, meet different people, and ultimately have different experiences than me. And even if you don’t like Northeastern, you can transfer. You’re not just stuck there. I transferred and I’m far happier. But that was the best decision for me. You might go and love it
I transferred in, had a 3.8, sent my resume also and had 2 letters of recommendation. About to graduate this semester and northeastern was a great experience. HIGHLY RECOMMEND applying why not? Try to get some good recommendations and show them how you are unique
I’m a third year and I still got fucked :/ all my req. classes got full by the time I was able to register… you really can’t win unless you came in with more than 6 credits before starting NEU
While having ood and algo on your transcript can be nice, not having it is definitely not a death sentence when it comes to job search. When I was searching for the co-op im currently working at, I was taking fundies 2 and still got a decent number of responses because of personal projects. Good personal projects are the number one way to get your foot in the door, not ood or algo. As for your GPA, you don't have to include your GPA on your resume. Employers don't really care about your GPA except for those who have a min GPA requirement on NUworks. This min requirement tends to be 3.0, so if the cost of retaking ood is not a problem, then maybe you should consider taking it next semester to keep above 3.0
COE 2022. You can keep trying but facilities is actually one of Northeastern's most functional departments, if they've come and checked it and deemed it okay then it's going to be hard to get anything changed, they're the ones who would be repairing or replacing anything and the ones making the determination if that's necessary. Your RD could help advocate for you, they have contacts at facilities that you don't and can put in work requests on your behalf but beyond that it's all on facilities. Not sure if you've called and spoken to facilities, they might be able to offer more insight on why it's like that and what if anything they can do.
Dude why did you respond to my post if you know nothing about how they deal with transfers? But between that, the dumbass bisexual response above, and the fact that this completely reasonable question is downvoted, I will probably not apply to northeastern so I guess I should thank you all for your help.
I transferred in with a 3.6 from comm college so my story might be different but I got the vibe northeastern is pretty open to transfers from the others i talked to that as long as you didn’t fuck up at your last stop you were good
I don't understand how have so many northeastern accounts been involved in scam emails. It's almost always a studentname@northeastern.edu email. Are they compromised accounts, and why so many if yes?
My last co-op search was awful. I wasn’t as active as I should’ve been at the beginning, and by May I had sent out over 100 applications and got nothing back except a couple interviews that went nowhere. June came around and I still had nothing. I kept sending out applications until I found an opening for a temporary gig that only lasted 6 weeks. I got hired for this summer job, did well, and convinced them to keep me on for the fall. I’m doing my co-op there now and love it. The best advice, and the advice my co-op advisor gave me, is to never stop looking. Keep sending out applications. Refresh every job board every single day. Look for jobs in places you wouldn’t think, like public forums or asking friends and family. Just keep looking and you’ll eventually find it.
I’m not sure why you’re being downvoted. Nobody other than admissions actually knows whether saying yes or no affects your chances. However, based on a previous Reddit thread (anecdotal evidence of saying yes and admitted to Boston/saying no and admitted to NUin), it appears that there’s little to support that the question affects your admission into Boston or NUin and Northeastern in general
Not only were there no explosives, but the only damages that was done were "small, superficial marks or bruises." Clearly didn't want to harm himself at all to make it any way believable, so I don't understand why he went through the trouble to fake a bomb, when, like you said, he could have just called something in or sent a letter to the university. What also doesn't make sense is why he would do it with another student 20 feet away. The student heard nothing that sounded like a pelican case hitting the ground. From the eye of Duhaime, why would having someone else in the room help him pull off the hoax? It's just a person to disprove your story
Yeah it’s easier to get into NUin. The way it works is that because you start somewhere else you’re technically considered a transfer student for the spring semester and they don’t have to post your stats. On the other hand, most people in NUin also don’t get financial aid, and while they may claim not to, they absolutely take your financial resources into account. They also like it when people indicate they’d be willing to do NUin because they don’t have to find as much housing for freshman. So in short if your grades are decent enough and you select you’d be ok with NUin, you have a pretty decent shot
I mean. What’s worth it to one person might not be for another. I’m in a very privileged position and I appreciate the opportunities Northeastern gives me, but my parents are paying for it completely.
The administration claims that they're doing this to monitor desk occupancy in order to make changes that will benefit students. In reality, they're using it as a "scientific" and "data driven" reason to push graduate students out of ISEC. The sensors were placed under graduate students' desks with no warning and without consent (which is required for most research that involves identifiable human subjects). The "town hall" today, hosted David Luzzi, was an attempt to make it seem as if there is some kind of dialogue between students and the administration.
I'm sorry, this is incorrect. We have many undergraduates in our lab -- I myself have 2 undergrads working for me right now, and they get their own desks. Undergrads who are involved in research get desk spaces, and we already have enough desks for this. It's unclear who the admins want to give our desks to or if they plan to make us share our desks with others, but, whatever the case may be, it's bad. As graduate students, we work at all sorts of uncertain hours of the day and night -- sometimes you figure out the solution to a proof or an algorithm or something at 11pm, or 3pm, or 8am. You need your desk to be available so you have a quiet place to study and focus when this happens, whenever it happens. Moreover, many graduate students have sensitive lab equipment such as expensive microscopes, electronic devices in a state of disarray, etc. We can't have random people at our desks who are not trained on how to be safe with this equipment. This is one of the reasons why we don't share desks. TL;DR: There are plenty of desks already for undergrad researchers, and we already involve many undergrads in our research, so that is not the reason for the sensors. I believe the sensors are to justify making us share space with administrators, or making multiple grad students share a single desk, which is preposterous. If you are an undergrad and want to get involved in research in computer science, you can email me at vonhippel.m@northeastern.edu and I will gladly connect you with an appropriate professor for your research interests.
Ok, I am not sure what the situation in ISEC is, but I assume we are taking about PhD students here. PhD students effectively are working for Northeastern like it’s any other 9-5. Or like the undergrads on coop. Now imagine you are working your 9-5 and suddenly someone comes and says: “you don’t actually need your desk the whole day. How about you fight for the desk with some of our customers (which undergrads effectively are)”. So they effectively take your work station away and tell you to just deal with it. How would you feel about that? Just trying to explain why this situation is messed up for PhD students.
Northeastern will continue to climb the rankings. There’s a variety of factors as to why but here are the salient ones: (1) international expansion and globalization of the university (2) poaching of professors + other faculty from Harvard, MIT, Cambridge, and other prestigious institutions (3) increased awareness and plummeting acceptance rate (4) construction of state-of-the-art facilities for research, innovation, and education (5) compounding expansion of co-op opportunities. T30 and lower is imminent.
For the love of god, if you don’t wanna go to Oakland, don’t put it in your decision preferences thinking it “would never be me “, it is you trust me 😭😭😭
You really get what you make of it tbh. It's definitely not a "party school" or a "football school." We have some greek life but nothing to write home about. If you want to party, there will be people to party with, but if you want to hang out in your room on weekends with 1 or 2 friends, that's totally cool too. Education wise, NU is definitely great imo. If you haven't, come visit the campus before you ED, and see what it's like for yourself!! Hope this helps
The subreddit is NOT where you go to find people who have a good time at NU lol I’d say most people really enjoy it in Boston. No matter what school you go to, your social life will always be something you have to develop for yourself.
East coast vibes are def different from west coast. Most students who don't like it don't like it because: 1. it's expensive 2. it's cold 3. it doesn't have enough liberal arts focus 4. they're homesick and it's too far from family/friends 5. they wanted a more traditional college experience 6. it's in a city where you have to walk or take the T everywhere (vs. driving like you do in CA). For those from CA, 2 and 6 can be an even bigger concern.
Alternative perspective: If you’re introverted, Northeastern is great. I’m an introvert and have no social life at Northeastern. It’s pretty easy to get through it without ever engaging with anyone, since the co-op system (def the highlight) means you can spend 25% of your time here somewhere else. People tend to leave you alone too, so there’s no peer pressure to do stuff you don’t want to. I’ve never had to interact with Greek life, for example.
I’m also from California and I love Northeastern. Making friends the first week or two of the semester was a bit tough, but you have way more opportunities to meet people than in high school, so eventually you find someone or multiple people that stick. I even had a falling out with my first friend group, which I think is a bit common in university, and managed to find a new friend group in the second semester that’s even better and bigger than the first. Beyond your immediate friends, social life is probably what you make of it. I’m more introverted, so meeting people beyond my immediate friend group is a bit tough, but my friends who are more outgoing manage to have a pretty good social life. Joining a sports team, being part of a play, or some other activity where you bond with a group of people who you see often for many months is practically a guarantee for having a social life.
love love love love. might not be the most social campus but career wise it’s awesome
I LOVE it!! Maybe that’s because I’m not a CS major like the majority of people on this sub, but I’ve truly had an awesome experience. You definitely have to develop your own social scene and build it around your own wants and needs, but you have to do that at any school. Tbh all of the career related benefits overpower any of the stuff people say about social life. I went out almost every weekend my freshman year and made some great friends! Pretty much all of my guy friends are engineering majors, and they all seem to have fun hanging out with people on the weekends and such. Definitely stressful but would be with any school if you’re doing engineering. The one thing I’d say though is that if you’re a guy and you’re worried about social life you definitely will have trouble getting into parties (most likely won’t be able to) and clubs/bars are a lot of the times really hard to get into with fakes. So if social life is important to you I would think about joining a frat- there’s even an engineering specific one and they have a nice house!
When I was a freshman in 2017 it was fun, now it sucks because there's too many people and not enough space or resources and it's impossible to get in touch with employees in departments like financial services when you have an issue
